.TH DWM 1 dwm
.SH NAME
speedie's build of dwm \- dynamic window manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dwm
.RB [ \-v ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
dwm is a dynamic window manager for X. It manages windows in tiled, monocle
and floating layouts. Either layout can be applied dynamically, optimising the
environment for the application in use and the task performed.
.P
In tiled layouts windows are managed in a master and stacking area. The master
area on the left contains one window by default, and the stacking area on the
right contains all other windows. The number of master area windows can be
adjusted from zero to an arbitrary number. In monocle layout all windows are
maximised to the screen size. In floating layout windows can be resized and
moved freely. Dialog windows are always managed floating, regardless of the
layout applied.
.P
Windows are grouped by tags. Each window can be tagged with one or multiple
tags. Selecting certain tags displays all windows with these tags.
.P
Each screen contains a small status bar which displays all available tags, the
layout, the title of the focused window, and the text read from the root window
name property, if the screen is focused. A floating window is indicated with an
empty square and a maximised floating window is indicated with a filled square
before the windows title.  The selected tags are indicated with a different
color. The tags of the focused window are indicated with a filled square in the
top left corner.  The tags which are applied to one or more windows are
indicated with an empty square in the top left corner.
.P
dwm draws a small border around windows to indicate the focus state.
.SH KEYBINDS
To see a full list of keybinds, read the 'bindlist' file.
.SH RICING
In order to rice dwm you have a few options. You can use pywal as this is compatible with pywal, or you can use your regular .Xresources file.
You can also edit the source code directly, although that's pretty painful if you're a normie.
.SH COMPILING
To install dwm, simply run 'make install' as root. Then install libXft-bgra. Do this by running 'make libxftfix', 'make gentoo-libxftfix', or 'arch-libxftfix' depending on your distribution of choice. Now make sure dwm runs. For users of xinit, simply add 'dwm' to ~/.xinitrc.
.P
If you're going to use pywal, add 'xrdb -merge ~/.cache/wal/colors.Xresources' to ~/.xinitrc BEFORE 'dwm'. If you are using a display manager or don't have access to .xinitrc, simply add it to config.def.h and 'make install' again.
.P
If you cannot open anything, it could be because your settings aren't set properly. If this is the case, edit the '#define's in your dwm source code folder.
.P
Make sure the values are set correctly. If they are, make sure all dependencies are installed.
.P
If you have any issues, feel free to email me. (speedie@duck.com)
.P
Or post an Issue over on GitHub, https://github.com/speedie-de/dwm
